feat : update studio docs (#675)
agno-agi/docs: agent-os/studio/agents.mdx

description: "Build and configure agents visually in AgentOS Studio."
---

Build production-grade agents via AgentOS Studio’s. Wire up models, tools, 

> instructions, knowledge, memory, and more. Deploy instantly. No-code required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build agents in AgentOS Studio by wiring up models, tools, instructions, knowledge, and memory. No code required.
```

## Creating Agents

Create a new agent by selecting components from your [Registry](/agent-os/studio/registry) and configuring them in the properties panel:

> - **Model**: select from registered models.

Reviewer: Should we also give the sdk version from when studio is available ?
